in 2018 anton and researchers did a
study
on 16 8 intermittent fasting that means
for 16 hours you fast
you eat in an eight-hour window and they
figured out that a 16-8
eating window slash break from eating
that 16 hours really wasn't enough time
to get any benefits from intermittent
fasting at all no this has been known
since 2018 i don't want to get the 218s
mixed up now this year
2022 some researchers out of china
published an article in the new england
journal of medicine so
best journal right
and they determined that fasting doesn't
work
because their fasted group
only did a 16 hour fasted period
obviously if it's 16 hours you get the
benefit
out of 18 hours and by the way this is a
fat loss benefit so
the fat loss benefit starts at 18 but
they only did a 16 hour fast well guess
what it didn't work
and
the study doesn't really tell us
anything at all kind of a waste of time
so if you see it it's a brand new study
i'll put the picture up uh just know
roll your eyes and move on